Parameterization data and optimization outputs for AMBER-FB15 protein
force field.  

Last updated on April 1, 2017 (this FF is not an April Fools' joke!)

Please consider citing our paper: Lee-Ping Wang, Keri A. McKiernan, 
Joseph Gomes, Kyle A. Beauchamp, Teresa Head-Gordon, Julia E. Rice, 
William C. Swope, Todd J. Martínez, and Vijay S. Pande. "Building a 
More Predictive Protein Force Field: A Systematic and Reproducible 
Route to AMBER-FB15." (2017) J. Phys. Chem. B, DOI: 10.1021/acs.jpcb.7b02320.

This repository contains three top-level folders: FinalParams, PrelimStudy
and Optimize, described below.  The QM output files are too large and
cannot be included with ForceBalance.  They will be uploaded to the
SimTK website at https://simtk.org/projects/amberfb15 .

FinalParams
-----------

Contains the AMBER-FB15 force field parameters for the AMBER, Gromacs
and OpenMM software packages.  All three codes should produce the same
simulation results.

The Gromacs folder also contains the A99SB-V parameters.  These are 
not intended for production runs - only for comparison to AMBER-FB15.

The AMBER-FB15 parameters are already part of the AMBER main branch, and 
will be included in the OpenMM main branch shortly.  I have not yet submitted
the parameters to the GROMACS developers yet.

To use the AMBER-FB15 parameters in your simulation (if they are not already
included in your AMBER, GROMACS or OpenMM distribution), follow these instructions:

-> OpenMM: Make sure amberfb15.xml and tip3pfb.xml are located in your
current folder, and then create the ForceField object using the command:

forcefield = ForceField('amberfb15.xml', 'tip3pfb.xml')

-> Gromacs: Copy the amberfb15.ff folder to your Gromacs installation into
the $GMXDATA/top folder, for example (assuming Gromacs is installed into
$HOME/opt/gromacs) :

cp -r FinalParams/GMX/amberfb15.ff $HOME/opt/gromacs/share/gromacs/top/

Now pdb2gmx should give AMBER-FB15 as a menu choice when setting up the system.

-> AMBER: Copy the files in the directory structure to your AMBER installation,
for example: 

cp dat/leap/parm/frcmod.fb15 $AMBERHOME/dat/leap/parm, etc.

Now in tleap, use these commands to load the force field:

source leaprc.protein.fb15
source leaprc.water.fb3

PrelimStudy
-----------

The calculations in this folder correspond to the data in Table 3,
where groups of parameters were turned on/off to determine their
impact on the quality of fit.

Note that the "targets" folder contains topology files for the
blocked dipeptides, which differ between A99SB-V and AMBER-FB15
due to the side chain dihedral overrides.  Thus, to run calculation
#5, replace the targets folder with targets.fb15.

Optimize
--------

These folders contain the data and calculation outputs needed to
reproduce the AMBER-FB15 and A99SB-V parameters.  The "Cycle"
subfolders contain a sequence of optimizations where the optimized
parameters are used to generate a set of energy-minimized structures,
and new QM data is calculated for these structures.  This process
is terminated at Cycle 3.

--

In July 2016, the abinitio.py code was updated to simplify the
objective function definition in the energies and forces.  As a
consequence, the result will be slightly different from these files if
you are using the latest version of ForceBalance.  It should not
affect the quality of the optimized model in any significant way.

If you get the code from GitHub, run 
"git checkout 2fb85e65e6fd508f37f1265b0aca7f0090fbe7c8"
to revert to the older version that exactly reproduces the result.

--

The procedure to generate additional data from clustered MM-minima 
is implemented in a bunch of scripts, and is harder to reproduce 
than the rest of the optimization. It depends on Psi4 and MSMbuilder,
and I haven't tested whether the latest versions still work.
Here is roughly what I did.

In order to get from "Cycle1" to "Cycle2":
Copy Cycle1/optimize.sav to Cycle2/optimize.in
Copy Cycle1/forcefield and Cycle1/targets to Cycle2
Copy the result file, e.g. Cycle1/result/optimize/a99sc-v2.itp to Cycle2
Copy the scripts from CycleScripts into Cycle2
Run reopt.py (this part requires Psi4 and MSMBuilder)
This should generate a bunch of new targets, e.g. Cycle2/targets/ALA-mmopt
Add these targets to Cycle2/optimize.in
In Cycle2, run ForceBalance optimize.in

Repeat the procedure for Cycle3.
